# Set-up

Before building the application on  your machine, make sure to update the file paths defined in `Main.java`.

The paths provided should be the absolute path to the delivery.csv or placements.csv file on your machine.

Please consult the code comments in `Main.java` for details:
```java
//replace fileName with absolute path to placement.csv location
PlacementsReader placementsReader = new PlacementsReader("/Users/rolandoramirez/IdeaProjects/centro-exercise/src/main/resources/placements.csv");

//replace filename with absolute path to delivery.csv location
DeliveryReader deliveryReader = new DeliveryReader("/Users/rolandoramirez/IdeaProjects/centro-exercise/src/main/resources/delivery.csv");
```

# Build, Test, Run

The application provided is a Gradle application.

Import the project into your preferred IDE as a Gradle project.

Once imported, run the ```gradle build``` task to build the application (which includes downloading its dependencies).

You can then run the included test suite using the ```gradle test``` task.

Navigate to the `Main.java` to generate the reports detailed in the exercise instructions.

# Expected Output

If you set-up the application correctly, you should see the following output for `Main.java`:

```
Sports (11/1/20-11/30/20): 1083576 impressions @ $5 = $5417
Business (12/1/20-12/31/20): 1607958 impressions @ $8 = $12863
Travel (11/1/20-11/30/20): 1035966 impressions @ $3 = $3107
Politics (12/1/20-12/31/20): 1529821 impressions @ $6 = $9178
Total (11/22/2020-12/5/2020): 1126785 impressions, $6045
```

# Design Decisions

I choose Java for this coding exercise because it's the language I'm most comfortable with and have used most, both in my current role as a full-stack software engineer and in graduate school.

After doing some research about how to most efficiently read CSV files via Java, I found a recommendation for OpenCSV's CSVReader.

The dependency is defined in the project's build.gradle as:
```groovy
implementation group: 'com.opencsv', name: 'opencsv', version: '5.4'
```

You can find documentation for the CSV Reader in the [link here](http://opencsv.sourceforge.net/apidocs/com/opencsv/CSVReader.html).

# High-Level Overview

The `PlacementsReader` is responsible for reading a placements.csv file and creating an ArrayList of Placement objects.

The `DeliveryReader` is responsible for reading a delivery.csv file and creating an ArrayList of Delivery objects.

The `ReportGenerator` then takes the list generated by of these readers and generates the reports defined in the exercise:
- The `generateReport()` method will iterate through placements and deliveries and print a high-level overview of the totals for each placements
- The `getTotalsByDate(String startDate, String endDate)` takes the start date and end date provided and calculates the impression and cost totals for deliveries within the date range.

